
T. Hey Lucas, you were asking why I don't have tats?
I didn't really give you a good answer 

L. Yeah, like all the other guys have tats, and you know they look cool and stuff

T. Are you thinking of getting one?

L. Yeah I might do, but yeah I was just wondering why you don't because everyone else does, like, is it really just coz of your religion? Or is it coz it hurts and you're a wus?

T. Hahaha yeah I guess it would hurt, but yeah I went back and had a look at the Bible, and there's a couple of good reasons why.
Leviticus 19:28, which says: “You must not put tattoo marking upon yourselves"
Do you see how God feels about tatroos?

L. Yeah so it says to not have any. But like, why? And why do you care about that?

T. Yeah fair enough, And there's another scripture that explains the reasoning behind that old law.

Present your bodies a sacrifice living, holy, acceptable to God, a sacred service with your power of reason.” (Romans 12:1)

It's kind of like, Jehovah God has given us this gift of our body, and he wants us to preserve it, and so because of that I don't really wanna get a tattoo.

L. Ahh ok, so you're a wus then

T. Hahahah yeah sure, i mean it's true tho

L. I think I understand 

T. Look, if you wanna fit in with all the other guys and get a tattoo then I won't treat you any differently, I understand coz I always wanted one when I was younger. 

L. Nah I respect that, thanks for explaining it to me. I don't really know if I want one , but that's very interesting what you've just shown me. 

